Update Feature_request.md (#17564)
nextcloud/server: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Feature_request.md

---

<!--
Thanks for reporting issues back to Nextcloud!

Note: This is the **issue tracker of Nextcloud**, please do NOT use this to get answers to your questions or get help for fixing your installation. This is a place to report bugs to developers, after your server has been debugged. You can find help debugging your system on our home user forums: https://help.nextcloud.com or, if you use Nextcloud in a large organization, ask our engineers on https://portal.nextcloud.com. See also  https://nextcloud.com/support for support options.

This is the bug tracker for the Server component. Find other components at https://github.com/nextcloud/

For reporting potential security issues please see https://nextcloud.com/security/

> To make it possible for us to deal with the bug please fill out below information carefully. 

Reviewer: Does `deal with the bug` make sense here since this is for feature requests?

Author: Do you want to suggest something? "To make it possible for us to consider this feature request"?

Reviewer: How about something like this:
```suggestion
To make it possible for us to best accommodate your use case, please fill out the information below carefully. 
```

You can also use the Issue Template application to prefill most of the required information: https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/issuetemplate

> If you are a customer and are using Nextcloud Enterprise, please submit your issue directly in the Nextcloud Portal https://portal.nextcloud.com so it gets resolved more quickly by our dedicated engineers.

Reviewer: This is more of a question: doesn't Nextcloud use the same software for enterprise customers so this distinction is unneeded?

Author: Hmm. I'm copied this from the issue template so probably @jospoortvliet is the right one to ask. I suspect it's about https://nextcloud.com/signup/ and the providers listed there. You are a customer then but not using Nextcloud Enterprise. "If you are a customer and have a Nextcloud Enterprise subscription, please ..." or "If you are a Nextcloud GmbH customer, please ..." might be more clear. But this is something for Nextcloud GmbH ;)

Reviewer 2: No, there's a difference - we have a 'special' build for customers and a separate release channel - the source code is the same, just like with Fedora and RHEL or Collabora Office and LibreOffice both being build from the same open source code, but the thing you run isn't 100% the same... The difference isn't as big as with those, it's mostly logo and occasionally fixes we roll out for customers right away while we wait for a release for everyone else.
